README.md, before:

# Welcome to Semester 3! 😊
This Repository contains all the resources I am using during my Semester 3 (Autumn Semester of the Academic Year 2024-25).
  
## Time Table
The Time table has been uploaded in the Github Repo. Follow the [Link](./Time_Table.png) to view my Time Table.  
__Note:__ CS405 wasn't my core course. It was an Additional Learning Course I took in my Semester 3.
## CS213 ( Data Structures and Algorithms )
_Professor: Ashutosh Gupta_  
_Venue: LA001_  
- All the slides were uploaded [Here](https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~akg/courses/2024-ds/). You can also find them in the current github repo. Follow the [Link](./CS213/Lectures) to access the slides.  
- All class-related discussions took place in Piazza.  
- The Reference material used by the prof in the course is _Introduction to Algorithms, third edition, Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, Clifford Stein_. The fourth edition of the same book is uploaded in the github repo. You can find it [Here](./CS213/Resources).  
  
Also we have daily quizzes :smiling_face_with_tear: 
## CS215 ( Data Analysis and Interpretation )
_Professor: Sunita Sarawagi_  
_Venue: LA001_  
- All announcements regarding quizzes, exams were posted through moodle.
- All the slides were uploaded in moodle. You can find them in the current github repo. Follow the [Link](./CS215/Lectures) to access the slides.
- The Reference Materials used by the prof in the course are
  - _Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers and Scientists by Sheldon M. Ross._ __[Main textbook]__
  - _Probability, Random Variables and Stochastic processes by Papoulis and Pillai, 4th Edition, Tata McGraw Hill._
  - _An Introduction to Probability Theory and Its Applications, Vol. 1, William Feller, 3rd edition, Wiley International_  
- You can find the 1st and 2nd Reference Material [Here](./CS215/Resources)
- The course webpage can be found [Here](./CS215/CS215_Webpage.pdf)
## CS228 ( Logic for Computer Science )
_Professor: Krishna_  
_Venue: LA002_
- All Lecture slides, tutorial sheets and announcements were posted on Piazza. One tutorial every week.
- The main Reference Book: _Huth and Ryan_.
- The reference material along with slides and tutorials can be found under the Resources tab in Piazza.
- The following links will lead you to the [Slides](./CS228/Lectures) and [Resources](./CS228/Resources).
## CS230 ( Digital Logic Design and Computer Architecture )
_Professor: Sayandeep Saha and Bhaskaran Raman_  
_Venue: LH102_  
- The first 3 weeks were taken by Prof. Sayandeep. All The materials were uploaded on [Bodhitree](https://robin.bodhi.cse.iitb.ac.in) and on Sir's [Webpage](https://sites.google.com/view/sayandeepsaha/digital-logic-and-computer-architecture-theory-lab).  
- You can also find the slides in this repo. Follow the [Link](./CS230/Lectures) to access them.
## CS405 ( Game Theory and Algorithmic Mechanism Design )
_Professor: Swaprava Nath_  
_Venue: LA002_  
__NOTE:__ This is not a core course. It is an Additional Learning Course worth 6 Credits.
- All the Slides and Information regarding the course are uplaoded in the course [Webpage](https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~swaprava/cs6001_07_2024.html)
- The above Webpage has all the information about the course and you will find the class recordings aswell. That one link is more efficient than referring this repo for CS405.
- All discussions happen on Piazza.

Commit message:

Added info about Resources for CS230

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Semester 3! 😊
This Repository contains all the resources I am using during my Semester 3 (Autumn Semester of the Academic Year 2024-25).
  
## Time Table
The Time table has been uploaded in the Github Repo. Follow the [Link](./Time_Table.png) to view my Time Table.  
__Note:__ CS405 wasn't my core course. It was an Additional Learning Course I took in my Semester 3.
## CS213 ( Data Structures and Algorithms )
_Professor: Ashutosh Gupta_  
_Venue: LA001_  
- All the slides were uploaded [Here](https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~akg/courses/2024-ds/). You can also find them in the current github repo. Follow the [Link](./CS213/Lectures) to access the slides.  
- All class-related discussions took place in Piazza.  
- The Reference material used by the prof in the course is _Introduction to Algorithms, third edition, Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, Clifford Stein_. The fourth edition of the same book is uploaded in the github repo. You can find it [Here](./CS213/Resources).  
  
Also we have daily quizzes :smiling_face_with_tear: 
## CS215 ( Data Analysis and Interpretation )
_Professor: Sunita Sarawagi_  
_Venue: LA001_  
- All announcements regarding quizzes, exams were posted through moodle.
- All the slides were uploaded in moodle. You can find them in the current github repo. Follow the [Link](./CS215/Lectures) to access the slides.
- The Reference Materials used by the prof in the course are
  - _Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers and Scientists by Sheldon M. Ross._ __[Main textbook]__
  - _Probability, Random Variables and Stochastic processes by Papoulis and Pillai, 4th Edition, Tata McGraw Hill._
  - _An Introduction to Probability Theory and Its Applications, Vol. 1, William Feller, 3rd edition, Wiley International_  
- You can find the 1st and 2nd Reference Material [Here](./CS215/Resources)
- The course webpage can be found [Here](./CS215/CS215_Webpage.pdf)
## CS228 ( Logic for Computer Science )
_Professor: Krishna_  
_Venue: LA002_
- All Lecture slides, tutorial sheets and announcements were posted on Piazza. One tutorial every week.
- The main Reference Book: _Huth and Ryan_.
- The reference material along with slides and tutorials can be found under the Resources tab in Piazza.
- The following links will lead you to the [Slides](./CS228/Lectures) and [Resources](./CS228/Resources).
## CS230 ( Digital Logic Design and Computer Architecture )
_Professor: Sayandeep Saha and Bhaskaran Raman_  
_Venue: LH102_  
- The first 3 weeks were taken by Prof. Sayandeep. All The materials were uploaded on [Bodhitree](https://robin.bodhi.cse.iitb.ac.in) and on Sir's [Webpage](https://sites.google.com/view/sayandeepsaha/digital-logic-and-computer-architecture-theory-lab).  
- You can also find the slides in this repo. Follow the [Link](./CS230/Lectures) to access them.
- I have also added a Digital Design and Computer Architecture book by Harris and Sarah which I had referred to during eYantra competition. You can find it [Here](./CS230/Resources)
## CS405 ( Game Theory and Algorithmic Mechanism Design )
_Professor: Swaprava Nath_  
_Venue: LA002_  
__NOTE:__ This is not a core course. It is an Additional Learning Course worth 6 Credits.
- All the Slides and Information regarding the course are uplaoded in the course [Webpage](https://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~swaprava/cs6001_07_2024.html)
- The above Webpage has all the information about the course and you will find the class recordings aswell. That one link is more efficient than referring this repo for CS405.
- All discussions happen on Piazza.
